Add options for enabling PITR for rds postgres db (#129)
common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment: .changeset/strange-ants-rush.md

---

> "@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": minor
```

---

> Add ability to restore from point in time backup for RDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point-In-Time-Recovery (PITR) is now enabled by default for the Common Fate RDS database. Adds options to restore from a PITR backup.
```
